so as a a junior officer you'll be given an opportunity to live off base
as soon as you start your your career once you arrive at a do you're
permitted to station you'll be allowed to live off base the nest
through your basic house alone in the military though altogether sailors
who are the four in over four years are allowed to live off base
end or if they have they are Mary with dependents so if you are a
Merete for you're allowed to have B. H. are allowed to live off base
if you are E. four and under four years and you do not have dependents
then you will be required to live on base that's given the base
command or the shore command there has ample room to accommodate the
you know I know sailors